# My Journey
My interests in Computer Science began not long after I graduated high school in 2002. Building my own computers for the purpose of playing games was the biggest driver of my interest at the time. By around 2008 I started to become interested in web development and teaching myself PHP so I could edit Wordpress templates and make custom blogs pages. In 2012 I decided to start pursuing courses in Information Technology at a local community college with plans to finish a four year degree when I could. My Associate of Arts was completed in 2013 and it wasn't until 2016 that I discovered SNHU's online program. The Computer Science program was not initially offered so I started in Information Technology and switched to CS as soon as it was available. I've learned a lot in the past four years that has allowed me to greatly enhance my skills and earn a better position at work. Previously, I had more of a background in design, which can be seen in my Behance portfolio, but now I am definitely more code focused. I am able to work in several programming languages and have joined my local Women Who Code group to help mentor other under-represented people in my field.

The three projects I re-worked for my ePortfolio as part of my Computer Science Capstone help show how far my skills have come and my proficiency in Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Node.js, Express.js, Flask, and other technologies frequently used in the field of web development. In my current role at <a href="https://www.pointwise.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Pointwise, Inc.</a> I am solely responsible for the company web application. Several of the courses I took at SNHU applied directly to skills I need in order to work in this role especially since I have to not only do the work on my own but I have to meet and work with departments outside of my own on a regular basis. I also have regular meetings with both the Presiden and one of the Vice Presidents at Pointwise to discuss their needs and expectations and make plans for future application enhancements. Since I am a Full Stack developer I also have to be knowledgable about server management, security concerns, design, front end development, working with databases, and processing requests and queries that happen on the application. All of these skills were enhanced by my studies at SNHU. 

The three projects this page focuses on covers areas in software design and engineering, algorithm and data structures, and databases. For the software design and engineering area I re-worked a basic paint estimator by changing the language from Java to Python and by adding a simple HTML form that processes the input to create a more pleasant looking result. For algorithm and data structures I re-worked a console application that connects to a database and performs basic CRUD operations. Finally, for the databases portion I created a full HTML/CSS/Javascript application that works on the same database. I look forward to finishing my degree and continuing on an upward path in my career.

# Code Review
Before re-working these three projects I completed a code review as a starting point for my work. As you will see, none of these programs really worked anymore so I had a challenge ahead of me. 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OhfPLNst_Uo" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
